Docs: Updates to the importing stories into tests (#22897)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/snippets/react/override-compose-story-test.compose-story.js.mdx

```js
// Form.test.js

import { composeStory } from '@storybook/react';

> import * as FormStories from './LoginForm.stories';
> 
> const FormValidation = composeStory(FormStories.ValidForm, FormStories.default, {

Reviewer: It might make sense to follow a standard based on the other snippets

```suggestion
import Meta, { ValidForm as ValidFormStory } from './LoginForm.stories';

const FormValidation = composeStory(ValidFormStory, Meta, {
```
